README.md, before:

# GT5-Unofficial  
## Building New Dreams, the long way.
### [MiscUtils (Addition Gregtech Goodness!)](https://github.com/draknyte1/MiscUtilities/wiki)
===

# About

This GT5 Repo contains a Modified version of GT5.08.33.  
Fixes a few bugs, Rebalances Materials & adds more useful ones.  
Keeping any new content to my own Mod, [MiscUtils (Click Here to check it out!)](https://github.com/draknyte1/MiscUtilities/wiki) so not as to ruin the integrity of GregTechs core system.
I plan to work with Bogdan-g to optimise whatever is possible within the core classes, for the benefit of everyone.

## Downloads

Builds can be found in the build/libs folder.  
Latest Recommended - https://github.com/draknyte1/GT5-Unofficial-Ex/blob/master/build/libs/gregtech-5.8.61.jar

## Installation

GT5U-EX requires IndustrialCraft2-experimental. Version 2.2.780-experimental or newer is recommended.
Forge version 1448 required, unless you want to change the Build.Properties and build against an older version. (I don't see any reason to do this though.)
Place the downloaded jar file into your mods/ folder.

## Issues

Please report any issues you to find the issue tracker on this repository.   
Include as much information as possible including as version and steps to reproduce.
DO NOT bother Blood-asp or GregoriousT about any issue you have with my edition of the mod.  
I cannot emphasize the above point enough, don't bother them!  

## Contribution

Please do! However, please take a note of current issues and what is currently being worked on.

Commit message:

Updated Readme to include changes.

README.md, after:

# GT5-Unofficial  
## Building New Dreams, the long way.
### [MiscUtils (Addition Gregtech Goodness!)](https://github.com/draknyte1/MiscUtilities/wiki)
===

# About

This GT5 Repo contains a Modified version of GT5.08.33.  
Fixes a few bugs, Rebalances Materials & adds more useful ones.  
Keeping any new content to my own Mod, [MiscUtils (Click Here to check it out!)](https://github.com/draknyte1/MiscUtilities/wiki) so not as to ruin the integrity of GregTechs core system.
I plan to work with Bogdan-g to optimise whatever is possible within the core classes, for the benefit of everyone.

# Changes  
### With the exception of what is listed below, the rest of the repo is basically 1:1 with master. A few things are from Bogdan's repo, which if you just want faster loading times, I advise you check out!  
Thing I have not added to my fork include:  
Advanced Miner 2 Multiblock  
Diesel Generator Multiblock & Multiblock Turbine casing changes  
Assembly Line Multiblock  
Oil Cracker Multiblock  
Pyrolusite Oven Multiblock  
  
GT Bees (Use Gendustry || Binnies, save time)  
GT Crop changes (I was/am tempted to remove crops entirely)  
GT Titanium Processing chain (The game is grindy enough without the need for extra realism)  
GT Plastics/Rubber Processing Chain (Default is better for my players, cannot add it anyway without a server reset and the addition of oil cracking)  
GT Platinum metals group sludge processing chain (I'm still using IHL ihl-tools_n_machines-0.578-1.7.10, soon after it was moved from IHL to GT. I may eventually move it over, but without the changes made)  

## Downloads

Builds can be found in the build/libs folder.  
Latest Recommended - https://github.com/draknyte1/GT5-Unofficial-Ex/blob/master/build/libs/gregtech-5.8.61.jar

## Installation

GT5U-EX requires IndustrialCraft2-experimental. Version 2.2.780-experimental or newer is recommended.
Forge version 1448 required, unless you want to change the Build.Properties and build against an older version. (I don't see any reason to do this though.)
Place the downloaded jar file into your mods/ folder.

## Issues

Please report any issues you to find the issue tracker on this repository.   
Include as much information as possible including as version and steps to reproduce.
DO NOT bother Blood-asp or GregoriousT about any issue you have with my edition of the mod.  
I cannot emphasize the above point enough, don't bother them!  

## Contribution

Please do! However, please take a note of current issues and what is currently being worked on.
